Would you risk burning alive
for half a million dollars?
Yes. Let's do it, man.
Ok, good luck man,
you're braver than me.
This is gonna be crazy.
This man is literally
in a burning building.
There's fire around the door!
The entire room is on fire.
Oh my gosh, this is the craziest
thing we’ve ever filmed.
And behind him is $500,000,
which he could win
if he completes 7 fire traps,
including: getting shot out
of a cannon into fire,
jumps through death defying
rings of fire,
survives massive fiery explosions,
and so much more.
- Get out of there!
- Get out of here. Come on.
In case you're curious
who this gentleman is,
he's actually
a professional stunt man.
But we are gonna push him
to the max in this video.
He’s still gotta get the money
while the room's on fire.
Alright, watch out Chandler!
Alright, that's 2
of the 10 bags!
He’s on fire!
He's literally on fire!
Hey Nolan, get the fire extinguisher!
Hurry up!
The house is about to collapse!
Alright, that's it.
The moneys on fire!
Oh my God, the money is burning.
Oh! You did it!
His legs are on fire.
Put it out!
Oh, my adrenaline is pumping
right now.
You managed to get $250,000
out of that building.
Let’s head
to the next death trap!
Take off your blindfold!
Eric, welcome to deathtrap #2.
What is this, man?
How high up are we right now?
Uh, pretty high up.
Do you wanna look down?
Not really.
Also, cue the fire.
Oh, come on, man.
What is this?
I'm gonna be honest,
until we filmed this,
I didn't know you could
light water on fire.
What's Jimmy's obsession with fire?
This death trap is very simple.
Hanging in front of this platform are
3 bags of cash.
Each representing what could be
the new amount of money
you'll be competing for.
And as they increase in amount,
they get further and further
from the platform.
You have to pick one of these 3 bags
to run and jump for.
If you hang on it,
that will be your new prize pool.
Look how far away that is.
Oh my gosh.
That is a solid distance
right there.
Don't worry,
if you miss,
you'll just fall in a giant pond
of flaming water.
I got shorter legs, but they'll
surprise you with some power.
Ok. Which bag are we going for?
Do you want to take the easy route,
lower your prize pool by 100 grand?
Let's not do this one.
It's too easy, man.
Alright.
Oh, man.
This is your current prize pool.
Do you want the 250 grand,
or do you wanna risk jumping 10 feet
for the 300 grand?
I'm gonna risk it all.
Ok.
Only the 300 grand remain, so…
Alright, here we are.
And with that, oh--
Make sure you dodge the fire
and the scissors.
Copy.
Is it really worth risking everything
just to add $50,000
to the prize pool?
Now you're making me second guess
my decision making.
Here, can I see you jump?
Let's see it.
Let's see, yeah.
- You got the 300 grand!
- I appreciate that.
I don't think he got it.
That was nowhere near 10 feet.
$300,000 on the line.
100 million people watching.
Let's see if he does it.
Let's go!
Three, two, one…
See ya.
Ah!
[Jimmy] Oh! Oh!
Wait, he's gotta
make it back, though.
- Hang on.
- Now he's gotta hold on.
- He did it! He did it!
- Yes!
Yo!
$300,000.
Let's see if he survives
the next 5 death traps.
Oh… you got it.
We’re just getting started.
Eric might be a little too excited
about flying over a lake of fire.
So let's see how excited he is
about this next trap.
Take off your blindfold.
Behind you is your $300,000 you won
in the last trap.
What do you think trap #3 is?
Throwing me off a cliff
into some fire.
Not that far off.
[laughing] Oh, great.
Reveal the trap!
Oh, Ok.
For trap #3,
we are gonna be shooting you
out of this giant human sized cannon.
And if you land inside
of that yellow ring,
you proceed with your $300,000
you've already won.
But, if you land
in that ring of fire,
I will add another $50,000
to your prize pool.
I think it'll be awesome.
I'm a stunt guy.
We're used to this kind of craziness.
But if you miss both rings,
you go home with nothing.
And you're probably wondering,
how do you calibrate the cannon?
How do you know if you're gonna go
too far or too short, left or right,
slam into the concrete
over there?
That is exactly what I am wondering
as I look at this monstrosity.
Bring in the stunt doubles!
We'll be giving Eric 3 stunt doubles
to use as dummies.
One by one,
he will fire them off
to dial in the pitch, power,
and direction of the cannon.
If he doesn't hit the target
after all three stunt doubles,
his final shot will be
up to complete chance,
and he could lose
everything.
If I can map the right distancing
into the 300k circle,
and then make my way
into the fire and increase this,
I think that's my move.
Did you ever think in a million years
you'd be doing this right now?
No, and now here we are doing it.
This is your first
of 3 stunt doubles.
You can either get him
one step closer to winning 350 grand,
or one step further away.
What do you think
about the pitch angle?
I'm gonna go up a little.
So the higher he points it,
the further you go, just so you know.
Ok, well let's ride.
- Maybe a little higher?
- A little higher? Yeah, yeah.
A little higher? Ok.
Now for the last part of the equation
picture like a rubber band.
The more you stretch it out,
when you let go,
the further it flies.
So the further he pulls
your chair back,
the further you're gonna go.
You're a tough dude. I'm feeling like
we should start you at 75%.
Ok, so you want to do it right
in the middle.
Right in the middle. Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Oh, no.
Does it feel real
now that you're in it?
- A lot real. Really real.
- Oh, this is gonna be crazy.
Three, two, one…
Fire!
[Jimmy] Oh.
[Chandler] It’s good!
[Nolan] Right in the middle!
Ok.
Bring in the second stunt double.
[Eric] Blue team.
[Jimmy] There he is.
Orange landed
in the middle of the yellow.
He wants you to land
in the middle of the fire.
If I put you in the fire,
know I love ya.
But it's all
in my best interest today.
I'm gonna increase the power.
Ok. Ok.
And I'm going to bring this up
just a little bit.
Alright, how do you feel
about that blue?
[sighs] I think I'm gonna find out
very quickly.
Based on my math,
Blue is gonna go a lot further.
Have a good ride, dude.
Let's do it.
Pull the pin!
Oh! Oh!
No good.
He missed.
We are close.
He landed in between the yellow
circle and the ring of fire.
Meaning if that was you,
the video would be over,
and you would have got nothing.
Yeah.
Come on in, Red.
Ok, bro Eric,
this is your last stunt double.
You gotta nail it right now
or you’re coin flipping it all.
I'm gonna go up by 10,
leave the angle.
And we'll see what that gets us.
Arm the cannon!
- You better land in that fire!
- You better get it dude!
Three, two, one…
Fire!
Oh, wait.
It's good, he did it!
He barely made it in.
I'm gonna increase the power by 5.
And I think it's gonna get me
into my sweet spot.
But first, why are you trying so hard
to land in the fire,
and add an extra $50,000
to your prize pool?
My dad's health has been up
and down roller coaster
from some cancer to health stuff.
This is something that
I can use to really invest into
giving them a good retirement
and helping with their health
and continued growth.
That's why you want
to keep growing the prize pool,
and you wanna land in the fire and
you wanna keep taking all these risks
so you can take care
of your parents.
It's a pretty special thing, so.
I agree. I'd do the same for my mom,
it's freaking awesome.
Let's see if he lands
in the fire.
You have $300,000 riding
on this shot.
Well, I'm taking care of my parents.
I gotta do everything I can
to support 'em, so…
We gotta go big.
Three, two, one…
Fire!
300 grand on the line.
- [Jimmy] He did it!
- [Nolan] He did it! Yes, yes!
- Oh my gosh.
- We gotta give it to him.
He did it, he's moving on
to the next trap with $350,000.
Come on over!
Let's go, Eric!
$350,000!
But, but…
I need to bag you.
Wait. What?
Don't ask questions.
He still has 4 death traps between
him and his 350 grand.
Let's go to the next one.
Eric, welcome to death trap #4.
Behind you is your $350,000…
in a giant room full of fireworks.
And above that room is a meteor.
What do you think
we're about to do?
Blow up this money if I don't get
something accomplished here
in a fast amount of time.
- Correct, basically.
- Yeah.
You will have exactly 5 minutes
to throw this grappling hook,
and drag as many bags of money
as you can
back up onto the bed
of this truck.
When that 5 minute timer hits zero,
that meteor, which will be on fire,
is gonna crash into this room full
of fireworks with your money.
And whatever's not on this truck when
that timer hits zero will explode.
Oh, Ok.
I've never thrown a grappling hook.
This is gonna be interesting.
And before we start,
we're gonna give you an opportunity
to potentially win an extra $50,000.
That is $400,000 in cash
sitting in those bags.
I came here with nothing,
leaving with anything
would be amazing.
So if I get one bag on this truck,
I will be stoked.
I would feel really bad
if you only got one bag.
Well, I'm going for all of them.
The amazing things I could do
for my parents
and taking care of them
into their old age.
Aw, I’m rooting for you!
I knew it!
And just so we're
on the same page,
I don't control that meteor,
and those are real fireworks.
When that timer hit zero,
we literally need to be behind these
blast shields or we could, like, die.
I don't want
to die here today,
You know what?
Same page.
Come on, man.
We're on the same page.
$400,000 on the line.
Yell, "Light the meteor."
Uh, light the meteor?
Yell it.
LIGHT THE METEOR!
Oh!
Three, two, one…
Start the timer!
First throw.
Alright, he got a bag!
- He got a bag on his first throw!
- We got one!
We got first fish on the line, baby!
Yeah, nah, these things are heavy.
He's gotta pull it up--
[grunting] Come on.
Step it up.
Here we go.
Oh, look at that meteor up there!
That is crazy.
Watch out!
No, don't do that--
I might’ve messed him up.
We got one, baby!
Thirty seconds have gone by.
You got this.
Come on.
Wow, that meteor is burning.
Come on, don't worry
about the meteor!
The fire's dripping.
It might light on fire
before 5 minutes.
Come on, we got one!
Alright, #3!
Guys, those are real fireworks.
They're not a prop.
And when that meteor falls,
the explosion’s gonna be insane.
I'm kinda scared.
Come on, baby…
Eric, let's go!
In 3 minutes, I can--
Oh, he's missing!
When the timer hits zero,
this truck is moving
'cause if not,
we can literally get hit
with, like, a thousand fireworks.
We got it!
This will put him at $200,000.
200! Come on.
Help me out, there.
So, half the time's gone by,
and he's got half the money. But now…
- Come on!
- He keeps missing.
[grunts]
Oh, it's stuck!
- It's stuck!
- Next hook.
Wait. Alright, I had a feeling
that would happen. You have 2 left!
- Thank you.
- Oh my gosh, you're wasting time!
At this pace, he's not gonna get
all the money.
- Don't talk like that, Jimmy.
- Go, go!
Don’t talk like that.
Oh my gosh!
Oh, Eric!
Oh no, Eric.
I don't want it to happen like this--
I know!
He is not getting the bags
quick enough.
He's gotta speed up.
Ugh, I stepped on the line.
His foot was on the line.
Alright, he got one.
Less than 2 minutes and
those fireworks are gonna blow up.
Make sure you're behind
the glass wall, camera guy.
Help me out, Jimmy.
Come on.
Alright. 90 seconds.
- You lost another one?
- Lost another one.
Oh my gosh, there’s $150,000
still over there,
and just over a minute left!
Come on, man.
Let's not leave this money behind.
I’m gonna try and help you out.
Let’s go!
It bounced off the wood that’s laying
on the bag!
- Come on.
- Oh, no! I missed it.
- Come on, Jimmy.
- Why is this so hard?
We got this, buddy.
In less than 30 seconds, we gotta get
behind that blast shield!
I'm not joking,
that meteor’s falling--
We got one!
Last one, I think.
Hurry up!
You gotta go!
Come on!
Alright, 14 seconds--
13 seconds.
We’re good.
Oh, that meteor’s falling
in 10 seconds!
We gotta go, Jimmy!
It burned the power cables!
Oh, yeah. Hey, leave it behind!
Go, go, go!
Get in here.
Close the door.
Come on, let’s do this.
Woo!
- Holy cow!
- Oh my God!
Woo!
It's safe to say
that 100 grand is gone.
But he still has more opportunities
to win money.
Let's go to the next trap.
Let's go!
In honor of the $100,000
that just exploded in a ball of fire,
we thought we'd go somewhere special…
Eric, welcome back
to where it all started.
This is the room at the start
of the video where you lost $250,000.
What are we doing
back in this room, man?
I hate this room.
Light the room on fire!
Come on, man!
The room is now lit on fire,
and if you do not get this money out
before it burns, you will lose it.
But I will cut you out
if you tell me you like my brand-new
Jack Link’s MrBeast beef stick.
Let's go.
I'm in.
This is my brand new product
with Jack Link’s.
What do you think of it?
It's actually really good, man.
Try some more.
- That fire’s getting kinda big.
- I know. Let’s go, come on!
This is our original flavor.
That's actually really good, too.
Ok, but be honest,
are you saying our brand-new MrBeast
Jack Link's beef sticks
made with 100% real beef are good
because you want me to cut you out?
It’s actually really good--
I'm not sure I'm convinced.
[unintelligible] It's great!
I'll cut you free.
Oh wait, actually,
one more thing.
What do you think of the packaging?
It's awesome, dude.
The coloring’s amazing.
It's actually getting kinda hot
in here.
Alright, you're free.
- Let’s get the money out of here!
- Get the money.
While y’all are doing that…
We’re outta here, come on!
- Hey! The beef stick!
- Get the beef stick.
You're gonna die.
- Come on.
- Ok.
You just survived another death trap
with $300,000 in cash.
- Everyone, cheers.
- Woo!
Let's celebrate.
You can try it. We have 4 flavors.
Each beef stick has 5 grams
of protein.
You can buy it
at these retailers.
And guys, this trap was easier.
But the next one, you're probably
gonna lose a lot of money.
Come on, man, wait a second.
Talk to me here.
I need more beef sticks.
I hope Eric enjoyed all that protein,
because he's going to
need his strength for this next trap.
Welcome to trap #6!
What do you think of this, Eric?
Aw, man. It’s always fire!
Not only did we bring back fire,
but we also brought the person
that when I asked you
before this challenge,
you said you would trust
your life with…
your bank account with…
every dollar
to your name with…
your best friend,
Pat.
Dude! What's up, brother?
I hope you're ready for this, buddy.
You and your best friend, Pat,
will be doing this death trap
together.
I'll explain more
once I teleport to the top.
Alrighty, here we go, Pat.
For death trap #6,
Eric and his best friend
are gonna be chained together.
Bring it out, boys.
There's always a catch.
That's pretty short.
It is… not ideal.
Eric is going to be chained
to his best friend.
While chained, Eric and Pat
will have to move together
to scale this 50-foot tower
and collect all 6 bags of money.
And at the top of the tower,
I have left an extra 50 grand
that you can add to your prize pool.
Whatever bags are not grabbed will be
dropped and incinerated immediately.
And one more thing:
if either of you fall at any point,
the video's over
and you lose everything, Eric.
Any last words for each other?
I love you, bro.
And I trust you, man. Let's get this.
Another adventure.
Man, let's have a good time, bro.
Tareq, why aren’t we close like that?
You wanna be chained up?
No.
That’s fair.
Three, two, one…
Go!
Alright, they are off.
Slow and easy, Eric.
Slow and easy.
Come on, Pat.
Platform's moving.
They got the first 50 grand.
Aw, perfect, dude!
[Pat] Ok, Eric, we got this.
Slow and easy, Eric.
Slow and easy.
Alright they have 2 bags.
Ok, once you’re on level with me,
I'm gonna move across there.
If just a single bag falls
in the fire, it's gone.
- Move in quick. Go to carry.
- I’m level, go.
Go.
Oh, these guys are crushing it.
Slow. Bring it over,
nice and easy.
- Oh, gosh. You're going too fast.
- Hold on!
- I still have the bag in my hand.
- Let me get my footing.
Slow it down just a little bit.
Don't fall!
If you fall, it's over!
Alright.
Ok.
Can you come to me some?
Come on, baby.
Dang, they've already got 3 bags.
It's moving quick.
Coming.
Nice and easy.
It’s moving quick.
Come on, baby.
Ok. Coming across.
Go ahead.
Little bit more space.
A little bit more.
Got it?
Gosh, these are not easy
to get off that hook.
- Moving.
- Ok!
Come on.
Ok.
We're doin’ good.
Come on, baby.
- Got it. Boom.
- Keep it up.
Give me some slack, buddy.
Go for it, Eric.
Let me know if you have space.
Smooth and focused.
This is his final bag.
His extra 50 grand.
Thing’s are getting wide up here.
Alright, I see that.
This is it. The last one.
Alright. Nice and easy, Eric.
Don't mess this up right now.
[grunting]
Don't fall.
I'm not gonna fall!
Get that on there.Yes!
They have now secured the money,
but they still have to climb up top.
Oh, dude, he's going!
Come on.
Here we go.
Last little one.
[grunting]
Oh my God, he made it!
He made it!
Woo!
Yeah!
You’re my bro, dude!
Over the platform.
We did it, dude.
You're my man.
The hardest trap of this entire video
is all that stands between you
and $350,000.
Ok, take off the blindfold.
Welcome to your final trap.
Woo! Alright.
One more elaborate
than the last.
This death trap is more like
an obstacle course,
where there are 5 different stages
that you will have to complete
in under a minute and 5 seconds.
Why is it a minute and 5 seconds?
That's because we had 4 stunt men
attempt this course,
and the average of their time was
1 minute and 5 seconds.
The obstacle course will begin
with you being shot out
of the cannon again,
and then jump
through multiple rings of fire.
After that, you will have to
dodge swinging hammers,
swim underneath fire,
and lastly, run across
this massive fire hallway,
then jump and grab your money
before it falls and burns.
And this time,
there's no way to get it back.
Woo, here we go.
No pressure, right?
Alright, Eric, take a seat
inside your cannon.
It's time for the finale.
Eric, this might be the most
important moment of your life.
Are you ready?
Jimmy, I got a lot of hesitations
on this one, man,
but, all my time as a stuntman
has prepared me for this moment.
You will have a minute and 5 seconds
to make it across
this entire flaming obstacle course
and grab your money
before it burns.
Do you have any questions?
Anything you wanna know
before I fire you out of a cannon
and start that timer?
What are the odds you give me
a little more time, man?
I got some doubts in here, buddy.
What, you want more
than a minute and 5 seconds?
I mean, if you're willing to give it
to me, I’d take it.
Yeah. I can't do that.
Any other questions?
No. That was the only one, buddy.
Whenever you're ready, let's do this.
Alright, here we go.
Three…
Two…
One…
Fire him!
And the timer is up!
Ok. He has a minute
and 2 seconds left
and it’s literally dwindling down.
If he doesn't swim faster,
his money will burn.
The timer’s paused.
So, scattered throughout the course
are these safe zones.
He's on the first safe zone,
when he gets on a safe zone,
the timer pauses.
So, you have 55 seconds left.
How we doin’?
Agh, gathering my breath.
I got a mouth full of water,
but I'm feelin’ good right now!
I lost 10 seconds,
but I think I can make up
some time here Jimmy.
Have you ever jumped
through a ring of fire?
I have not jumped
through a ring of fire.
I’ve been into a house on fire,
this is a first man.
Hey, first time for everything,
you got this!
Next up, you have 3 flaming rings.
Seems pretty simple, right?
Hey, it's a fierce symbol,
but I put nothin’ past you, man.
Nothin’ ever is as easy
as it seems.
The big thing is,
the gaps behind the rings.
If you fall and have to
pull yourself up,
that will eat up a lot of time.
Nice clean jumps straight through.
Here we go!
Alright, it’s on!
The timer has started again.
First ring.
Oh! He's goin’.
He's good.
- Oh, you fell!
- Oh, he fell in the water?
You're supposed to go
through the ring not under it!
That's what I was worried about!
He's wasting time!
Eric! Let's go!
Get through the third ring!
Get on the safe zone!
On the safe zone!
Pause! Alright.
Aww! [grunts]
42 seconds remain!
I lost a little time there!
Stubbed my toe, that's alright!
You have 3 stages left
in the course.
If you finish in the next 42 seconds,
what will that money do for you?
It's gonna change my life, man!
I'm gonna be doin’ a lot
for my parents.
I’m mappin’ their health,
I‘m mappin’ their retirement.
They are my sole focus,
and they're why I'm doing this, man.
Oh my gosh, man,
I really hope Eric wins.
The course gets harder as he goes,
so… let's see.
You got this man!
Thank you, boys!
Lock in you got this,
that’s why we're here.
Whenever you're ready.
Alright.
He's off.
Ok, so these platforms move.
Don't fall!
That's what makes it tricky,
it looks easy,
but the platforms are floating
on water, not anchored down.
- He got through! Next safe zone!
- Woo!
Ok!
34 seconds remain,
but I'm not sure that it'll be enough.
Oh, man.
This next part eats up a lotta time.
Obviously, you can't swim
through the fire.
That would kill you.
So, for this next part of the course…
you have to swim under the fire.
I wish I was a stronger swimmer,
and I wish I had my breath,
but I'm gonna get this done, man.
If you look to your right,
you'll see a pair of goggles.
You might want to throw those on
because you're about to swim
under flames.
The amount of time Eric has left
may seem like a lot,
but the distance he has to swim
is pretty far.
And if he has to come up for air,
it'll really set him back.
34 seconds remain!
Between your $350,000 being
in your bank account,
or being in that furnace
over there.
That's on you, man.
Here we go.
Oh he's off!
Please do not get out in the fire.
He only has 30 seconds left!
- Where is he?
- I don't see him.
Where is he?
Oh, he's there!
Get up, get up!
Alright it doesn't stop
till he’s up here!
Come up! Come up!
Grab the rope! Yes! Alright.
Stop, stop! Alright.
[Eric] Ooh ooh, ooh.
17 seconds remain!
Woo!
Ok. It's not a lot of time
for the final course.
There’s not a lotta time!
But I got short legs,
and they're made for sprinting, man.
Here, catch your breath.
He’s talking
while he’s full of water.
For this final challenge,
we need you to put on
this fireproof suit
because you will literally be running
through fire.
This whole time,
I've been dodging fire left and right
and now I'm running head on
into it?
Oh, yeah.
And it's gonna be
all around me?
Yeah. No, you will literally be
running through fire.
You escaped a room on fire…
you were launched out of a cannon,
you survived a massive fireball…
And now you'll have to run
through the hall of flames
and grab your money
to win it all.
How is he supposed to run
through that?
- Good luck.
- Do this man!
This guy's a freak!
Woo!
This suit will fend off the fire
for a bit.
You might as well put it on.
And finally, here's your gloves.
See your $350,000?
I see it, man.
Once you leave the safe zone,
you’ll have 17 seconds
to literally run through what I call
the hall of flames
and grab your money.
It's another house fire.
The timer starts back up
when he gets off the green pad.
I gotta admit,
this guy has been pretty fearless
this entire time.
But I can tell that right now,
for the first time in this video,
he was actually scared
of losing his money.
Not much time left.
Will he make it?
In three, two, one…
See ya.
He’s off!
He left the safe zone!
[Tareq] Oh, he did it!
Holy crap!
Oh, wait he’s on fire!
Put him out!
Hey!
He's on fire!
Eric has officially won $350,000!
Another spectacular end
to an amazing stunt, dude!
Make sure you subscribe.